In terms of the program's outcomes, the US presidential election system exhibits a basic conflict between the Electoral College system
and the popular vote. A candidate may theoretically win the presidency with a much smaller proportion of the popular vote than most 
people might anticipate, typically between 20% and 30% according to data from the 2012 election.

This is due to the way electoral votes are apportioned among states. Smaller states have a higher proportion of electoral votes
proportional to their population, hence winning several of them can result in a big number of electoral votes but receiving fewer 
popular votes. Meanwhile, larger states give fewer electoral votes proportionally but provide significant gains if a candidate can win t
hem. The program's results are anticipated to highlight this hybrid strategy, in which a candidate might target a mix of large and small 
states to achieve enough electoral votes without winning a majority of the popular vote.

If the software output reveals that approximately 25% of the popular vote is sufficient to win the presidency, this demonstrates how 
skewed the distribution can be in favor of states that are overrepresented in the Electoral College. When this outcome is compared to 
previous election years, common trends appear. The number can fluctuate slightly due to demographic changes or electoral movements, 
but it often falls between 20% and 30%.

An implication would be that the system gives a minority of voters in certain states excessive power in deciding the outcome of 
elections. This contradicts the premise of "one person, one vote." Candidates frequently focus disproportionately on battleground states,
which can sway the election, leaving many voters in other areas feeling overlooked, particularly those in places where one party is 
heavily favored. Third-party candidates could further skew the results, even enabling a candidate to win with even less popular support, 
however this is not modeled here.

Think about changes that bring electoral results closer to the popular vote. This might include switching from the existing 
winner-take-all system to a proportional distribution of electoral votes, in which states divide their electoral votes according to 
the percentage of the popular vote each candidate receives. Eliminating the Electoral College completely and switching to a system in 
which the president is chosen solely by the national popular vote would be a more severe but straightforward alternative.
